VIVE LA INDONESIA! – DOUBLES FINALS: YONEX FRENCH OPEN 2017

Indonesia pocketed two doubles titles and Chinese Taipei one as the Yonex French Open 2017 concluded today in Paris.

The day’s action was sandwiched between the Women’s Doubles and the Men’s Doubles finals – both of which saw debut Superseries winners. Indonesia’s Apriyani Rahayu and Greysia Polii won their first crown together in straight games – setting the trend for all five finals and culminating in the Men’s Doubles final which was won by Chinese Taipei’s Lee Jhe-Huei/Lee Yang.

Polii and Rahayu (featured image) brought to life a script straight out of a fantasy novel, winning the  Superseries just five months after they were paired together.

Prior to the final, everything about the Women’s Doubles pair from Indonesia suggested they were the underdogs. Rahayu, just 19 years old, was playing in her first Superseries final. At the opposite end were the attacking Koreans, who had just won the DANISA Denmark Open last Sunday.

And yet, once the final began, the Indonesians were in a zone. With defence well organised and anticipating astutely the attacking shots of the Koreans, Polii and Rahayu had the better of the exchanges. Rahayu was a standout, showing no indication either of her inexperience or the magnitude of the stage. With Polii a constantly smiling and encouraging presence beside her, Rahayu flew around the court, whipping unanswered smashes and just as ably, making quick forays to the net and keeping a fine touch. A reflex third shot to the far corner gave the Indonesians game point, and Rahayu closed out the game with a smash.

The match was slipping away with the Indonesians 12-7 ahead; the Koreans finally shook off the shackles to enjoy their best phase. At 15-all Lee and Shin had a spring in their step, but just as quickly, their touch deserted them. A couple of errors was all it took for Polii and Rahayu to gain their momentum once again and convert the second of their six match points: 21-17 21-15.

"For me, it’s an honour to be with Apriyani, to win the French Open," said Polii. "It has been a struggle for us to keep this level with the top pairs. I feel blessed today and delighted.

"We kept a positive aura. I kept telling her – don’t lose the aura. We’ve got the game. Until the end, we controlled our minds. A final is not easy, especially for her, but I’m proud of her that she could control everything and move so well."