Liem Swie King: The return of A KING

Liem Swie King is one of the legendary badminton player of Indonesia origin. He had dozens of times the scent name Indonesia the famous punch jumping smash and earned a nickname as King Smash.

According to information from relatives nearby, Liem Swie King actually surnamedOei, not clan Liem. Turn of the clan like this in the Netherlands East Indies period is common. At that time, a child under the age when entering the territory of the Netherlands East Indies (now Indonesia) there should be an accompanying reply parents, if the child was not with her real parents, then by his parents will be deposited to the "other parent", "parents" it could have been left the same or different to the original.

Since childhood, the King had already been playing badminton at the instigation ofher parents in Holy. He also goes into the Club PB Djarum has many gave birth tonational players. King won various achievements during 15 years in badminton. First, King grabbed the champion Junior se-Jawa Tengah (1972). At the age of 17 years (1973), he won the national sports week.


After that, King recruited pelatnas entrance Hall C based in Senayan. He also grabbed the Kejurnas Champion 1974 and 1975. Meanwhile, in the international Championship, King grabbed the All England Champion II (1976 & 1977), three times All England champion (1978, 1979, 1981), gold medalist in the Bangkok Asian Gamesin 1978, and three Thomas Cup gold medals (1976, 1979, 1984) from six times to defend the Thomas Cup team.

Pebulu badminton Holy origin is also the fruit of the lips when challenging The Legendary Rudy Hartono in the All England final in 1976, who was still 20 years old. After that, Liem Swie King became the successor of the triumph of Rudy.

After retiring from Badminton World in 1988, King world hotel and waterfall spa belonging to his father-in-law in Melawai in South Jakarta Street. After that, he expanded the wings by opening business health massage based in griya Complex OfficeGrand Wijaya Centre South Jakarta. He also opened a wellness massage griya Mustika Sari. Now, the King has opened three locations in griya massage, Grand Centre, Jalan Wijaya Fatmawati in South Jakarta and Kelapa Gading, North Jakarta.

Pebulu sport ever foray into the film world as a movie star Sakura in the arms is now living with a wife and three children Alexander King, Stevani King and MicheleKing, where the funny is apparently her children didn't know that King is a hero of Indonesia's badminton. King's career in film continues as Nia Zulkarnaen and Ari Sihasale, owner of production company Alenia, bringing the greatness of Liem Swie King in the world of badminton Indonesia as an inspiration to make a film about badminton.

The film was given the title of "King" did not tell me about the story of the life of the King, but the King became the inspiration for a father who marveled at King, andmotivate her son to become a champion like a King.

In May 2004, the International Badminton Federation (now Badminton World Federation) gave the Hall Of Fame award to Lim Swie King.