Kevin/Marcus Wins 2017 China Open after Defeating Arch Rival Pair

FUZHOU, NETRALNEWS.COM – Indonesia's best men's badminton doubles pair Kevin Sanjaya/Marcus Gideon have won the 2017 China Open Super Series Premier tournament. One title was secured after Kevin and Marcus defeated arch-rivals from Denmark Mathias Boe/Carsten Mogensen.

In a match at the Haixia Olympic Sports Center, Fuzhou, Sunday (19/11/2017), the Indonesian flagship duet edged over Denmark pair Mathias Boe/Carsten Mogensen 21-19, 21-11.

As has been predicted by many parties before, the battle between the first-seeded Indonesian pair and two-seeded Danish duet will be fierce since the beginning of the first game.

Although Boe/Mogensen narrowed the distance from 18-19 and 19-20 in the first set, the victory finally landed to the Indonesian duet through a hard knee Kevin to the right field of the Danish pair after receiving service.

Unlike the first game, in the second game Marcus/Kevin counter Boe/Mogensen can be said relatively without great resistance. It's easy for Kevin/Marcus to finish their second game and ensure their victory.

How not, the Indonesian couple continues to outperform Boe/Mogensen from the beginning until finally winning 21-11 in the second game.

"The first game is pretty tight but we're trying to stay focused," said Marcus in a PBSI statement. "The points are also close enough to 20-19, but we can still handle that."

These two couples are known to have often faced each other on the pitch. Their second record meeting so far recorded Marcus/Kevin trailing 2-4 from Boe/Mogensen.

"We continue to learn their game, because we've often lost to them, we train harder, and there's an improvement over previous meetings, we also see what's less than our performance, why we lost before," Marcus said.

With this result too, Marcus/Kevin successfully defended the title at the China Open tournament after in 2016 Marcus/Kevin also seized the main podium after winning 21-18, 22-20, also obtained from Boe/Mogensen.